hey everyone tip Scofield here from Cuba
King 77 come here to do a video showing
you how you can get the app drawer from
Android and Google now launcher on your
Android device running KitKat or
lollipop let's give you an idea here's
the old style with the horizontal
sliding pages and also the widgets
screen is also a horizontal Pageant ed
page I need to let you guys know that if
you do install this you will need to
either do a factory reset or root your
device to actually revert back to the
horizontal pages so make sure if you do
install this with your Google now
launcher you actually do want to try it
out and you're okay with it being like
that on your device alright so what
you're first going to need to do is
download and install the Google now
launcher it's in the Play Store really
easy to do and then once you've actually
done that we're going to need to
actually download a file I'll link to in
the description of the video it's called
velvet apk so download that and install
that on your phone as well as a side
note I'll also post a download link to
the wallpaper included with Android M
you see it on my idol 3 right now ok so
once you have the Google now launcher
installed the velvet apk downloaded and
installed you'll probably need to check
unknown sources as well if you want to
install it you can go ahead and go into
the Google now launcher so go ahead and
select it and here it is and that's
essentially it so you now the vertical
scrolling app for personally you'll see
you have suggested apps up at the top
and then you have a alphabetized list of
apps right here I personally like the
vertical scrolling it took me a little
bit to get used to it but it's much
easier and quicker than scrolling
through a bunch of pages to actually
vertically scroll through so that's a
personal opinion of mine I actually
prefer it and then also when you go
ahead and select widgets you'll see it's
a vertical scrolling option as well and
then if you have multiple more than two
you have horizontal scrolling between
those and I actually prefer this as well
so that's just a personal opinion I
actually like having the vertical
scrolling within the app tray of a
search as well for searching apps if you
have a crazy amount so that's really
about it that's how you installed the
Android M Google now launcher on your
device running KitKat or lollipop
hopefully this video helps you out if it
did please click thumbs up subscribe as
well you can
I mean Facebook Twitter Google+ all
links in the description video below as
always thanks for watching